brew-cask install alfred       
brew-cask install imageoptim      
brew-cask install reggy
brew-cask install anki       
brew-cask install iterm2      
brew-cask install rowanj-gitx
brew-cask install appcleaner       
brew-cask install joinme      
brew-cask install seil
brew-cask install atom-shell       
brew-cask install karabiner      
brew-cask install sequel-pro
brew-cask install controlplane       
brew-cask install libreoffice      
brew-cask install skype
brew-cask install dropbox       
brew-cask install little-snitch      
brew-cask install slate
brew-cask install firefox       
brew-cask install marked      
brew-cask install superduper
brew-cask install google-chrome       
brew-cask install nvalt      
brew-cask install transmission
brew-cask install open-in-chrome 
brew-cask install chrome      
brew-cask install tunnelblick
brew-cask install handbrake       
brew-cask install vagrant
brew-cask install hazel       
brew-cask install pgadmin3      
brew-cask install virtualbox
brew-cask install heroku-toolbelt       
brew-cask install qlstephen      
brew-cask install vlc
